Typecode fixes on IDs for `ChromatographyConfiguration`, `StorageProcess`, and `MassSpectrometryConfiguration` class ids (#225)
microbiomedata/berkeley-schema-fy24: CONTRIBUTING.md

    - Follow the naming conventions of the parent class
    - Descriptions of child classes may reference parent classes in a genus-differentia definition structure (e.g. "A workflow execution activity that...")
    - Inheritance should be monotonic: `slot_usage` should refine rather than override
- ID patterning and checks
    - ID patterns for new classes should follow conventions found [here](https://microbiomedata.github.io/nmdc-schema/identifiers/)

>     - In the _rare_ case that NMCD records must support legacy typecodes, typecodes can be declared on new classes with multiple typecodes (i.e. `syntax: "{id_nmdc_prefix}:(dgns|omprc)-{id_shoulder}-{id_blade}$"`). In this case, the _first_ typecode is the currently preferred and used to generate new ids for the class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In the _rare_ case that NMCD records must support legacy typecodes, typecodes can be declared on new classes with multiple typecodes (i.e. `syntax: "{id_nmdc_prefix}:(dgns|omprc)-{id_shoulder}-{id_blade}$"`). In this case, the _first_ typecode is the one the NMDC Runtime's [minter](https://github.com/microbiomedata/nmdc-runtime/tree/main/nmdc_runtime/minter) will use when generating new ids for the class.
```

>     - Class-linking slots (i.e. `has_input`) should have slot_usage declared that limit to only instances of the expecting linked class (i.e. `syntax: "{id_nmdc_prefix}:chrcon-{id_shoulder}-{id_blade}$"` on the `structured_pattern` to ensure that only records with ids associated with the typecode "chrcon" can fill that slot)

Reviewer: I found it difficult to parse this bullet point. Here are my suggestions:

```suggestion
    - Class-linking slots (i.e. `has_input`) should have a `slot_usage` declared that limits the slot's values to ids of instances of _only_ the specific classes you want to allow the slot to link to (e.g. using `syntax: "{id_nmdc_prefix}:chrcon-{id_shoulder}-{id_blade}$"` on the `structured_pattern` will make it so only ids having the typecode `chrcon` can fill that slot)
```

I'm not familiar with the term "class-linking slots", but don't object to its use here.

    - Follow the naming conventions of the parent class
    - Descriptions of child classes may reference parent classes in a genus-differentia definition structure (e.g. "A workflow execution activity that...")
    - Inheritance should be monotonic: `slot_usage` should refine rather than override
- ID patterning and checks
    - ID patterns for new classes should follow conventions found [here](https://microbiomedata.github.io/nmdc-schema/identifiers/)

>     - Class-linking slots (i.e. `has_input`) should have slot_usage declared that limit range to only instances of the expecting linked class (i.e. `syntax: "{id_nmdc_prefix}:chrcon-{id_shoulder}-{id_blade}$"`)

Reviewer 2: You're talking about the `structured_pattern`s here, right? The range is limited by the `range` metaslot, and not anything else. This is also intended as a short term fix, just until the LinkML developers come up with a more general solution that doesn't require us to make repetitive assertions.

Author: Yes, this is in reference to the `structured_pattern` use.  I understand that its a temporary fix, but it's been a big pain for the re-IDing team so I wanted to document it somewhere until linkML can verify ranges.

I will update language to be more explicit.
